README.md, before:

# ImGuiScene
based on https://github.com/ff-meli/ImGuiScene.

need https://github.com/mellinoe/ImGui.NET, https://github.com/flibitijibibo/SDL2-CS. 

Removed everything related to DX.

Added transparency to frames.

Added a test project with drawing ui elements over POE


### How to use
There are two main ways of using ImGuiScene in your project:
* As regular references (recommended):
  * Do a recursive clone of this project
  * Build it
  * Add the 3 output dlls (ImGuiScene.dll, SDL2-CS.dll and ImGui.NET.dll) as references in your project
* As a submodule:
  * Create your project and git repo
  * Add this project as a submodule
  * Do a recursive submodule init to pull in dependencies
  * Add the _solution_ from this project to your solution (Add existing project, change filter to sln)
    * This pulls in all the subprojects necessary to build
  * Add the ImGuiScene, ImGui.NET-472, and SDL2-CS projects as project references in your project
    * ImGuiSceneTest can be deleted from your project, or just ignored

#### Usage Note
You may need to ensure "Prefer 32-bit" is disabled for your project if you use the AnyCPU target.  This is due to the version of the native dlls that are included; I will look into providing a 32-bit version as well in the future.


### Simple example application
This is the simplest example, which just creates a transparent ('hidden') fullscreen window that renders the default ImGui demo window.  More control can be had by directly creating a SimpleImGuiScene from its constructor, and/or by modifying properties on the scene object.
```csharp
static void Main(string[] args)
{
    using (var scene = SimpleImGuiScene.CreateOverlay(RendererFactory.RendererBackend.DirectX11))
    {
        // Any ImGui code can be put into methods attached to OnBuildUI and will work as expected
        // Virtually all actual application logic will be inside these handlers
        scene.OnBuildUI += ImGui.ShowDemoWindow;

        // This blocks until a specified key is pressed.  Since we didn't override it in CreateOverlay(), it defaults to escape.
        // You can alternatively call scene.Update() in a loop, but you are then responsible for checking quit conditions.
        // Because this blocks, you will typically want to put your scene in a thread if you are using an injected application.
        scene.Run();
    }
}
```

Commit message:

The output directory should contain SDL2.dll

README.md, after:

# ImGuiScene
based on https://github.com/ff-meli/ImGuiScene.
need https://github.com/mellinoe/ImGui.NET, https://github.com/flibitijibibo/SDL2-CS. 
The output directory should contain SDL2.dll - just copy it there manually, perhaps
Removed everything related to DX.
Added transparency to frames.
Added a test project with drawing ui elements over POE


### How to use
There are two main ways of using ImGuiScene in your project:
* As regular references (recommended):
  * Do a recursive clone of this project
  * Build it
  * Add the 3 output dlls (ImGuiScene.dll, SDL2-CS.dll and ImGui.NET.dll) as references in your project
* As a submodule:
  * Create your project and git repo
  * Add this project as a submodule
  * Do a recursive submodule init to pull in dependencies
  * Add the _solution_ from this project to your solution (Add existing project, change filter to sln)
    * This pulls in all the subprojects necessary to build
  * Add the ImGuiScene, ImGui.NET-472, and SDL2-CS projects as project references in your project
    * ImGuiSceneTest can be deleted from your project, or just ignored

#### Usage Note
You may need to ensure "Prefer 32-bit" is disabled for your project if you use the AnyCPU target.  This is due to the version of the native dlls that are included; I will look into providing a 32-bit version as well in the future.


### Simple example application
This is the simplest example, which just creates a transparent ('hidden') fullscreen window that renders the default ImGui demo window.  More control can be had by directly creating a SimpleImGuiScene from its constructor, and/or by modifying properties on the scene object.
```csharp
static void Main(string[] args)
{
    using (var scene = SimpleImGuiScene.CreateOverlay(RendererFactory.RendererBackend.DirectX11))
    {
        // Any ImGui code can be put into methods attached to OnBuildUI and will work as expected
        // Virtually all actual application logic will be inside these handlers
        scene.OnBuildUI += ImGui.ShowDemoWindow;

        // This blocks until a specified key is pressed.  Since we didn't override it in CreateOverlay(), it defaults to escape.
        // You can alternatively call scene.Update() in a loop, but you are then responsible for checking quit conditions.
        // Because this blocks, you will typically want to put your scene in a thread if you are using an injected application.
        scene.Run();
    }
}
```
